Add custom fee FAQ (#349)
zkSNACKs/WasabiDoc: docs/FAQ/FAQ-UseWasabi.md

:::
::::

:::details
### How do I set custom fee rate?

> To set your own custom fee, simply click on the `Fee` box and manually type the exact amount you want to spend.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Go to `Settings` and under the UI category turn on `Manual fee entry`.
In the `Send` tab, simply click on the `Fee` box and manually type the fee rate (sat/byte) you want.
```
